the poetic movement we will now see the first round
we want to get to a race
back the fight
from the third to the back
all come
renfe until 4 he flew to sixth place
good proof of this attitude
so get to the little girl's gala and believe that the first one but while the
history
that's how it should be
the agreement with the
In the first stage
parliamentary informed the source
for nothing in the backpack
amazing
in credibility
there you can have it most has been very clean
I already had the position totally to nothing
it is conviction
let's hope
good response first of all the pilots
because the blow was hard, very hard, it made me remember a lot
ethical chile vine
in the previous race to inference that this circuit is much faster
Too much faster
another reiteration
it gives me the feeling that this conflict had already worked for him
parfait to mind
they came at pure speed
will take advantage of his popular action where he already has all the car tucked
even
the touch of the left front tire of the car of Tony Kanaan with the
right rear
of ecotic breaks
it is a clear demonstration that he had gotten all the car they were tied to
tip
tony kanal was hoping he says the weird before
but I get the feeling
The responsible
of Murcia
Tokyo the Brazilian driver
but we saw his hands move
a Canadian citizen
I want publicly we talked about trashorras was resurfaced efe
twenty
fr a soda
the
ground below
it's hard it seems like it looks a little bit down
I get the feeling that Tony Kanaan starts to go down
and the hard blow because in that they are the circuit
ban ap photo